

TASK 3.6 Create web app where users can create a profile, 
which they can use to reserve cabins or camping spots.
---------------------------------------------------------
Create website for Ski National Park in Carpathian Mountains, Czech Republic. The park wants 
to enable website users to create a profile, which they can use to reserve cabins or camping spots.
To create a profile, a user needs to provide a username and a password that conform 
to a set of rules, along with an email address.
In addition, each user will have the option of specifying one or more cabins or camping areas 
as favorites, which will be associated with their profile  
Create desktop and mobile version of application
Note: This task about Data in Strings and Arrays. 
Your task will be to use properties and methods of the String, Regexp, Array, 
and JSON objects to check and manipulate values entered by users
---------------------------------------------------------

USER STORIES As a [type of user], I want [an action] so that [a benefit].
1. As a user, I want to reserve lodgings so that I will have a place to sleep when I come skiing.
1. As a user, I want to add lodgings to favorites so that I can see them next time.
1. As a user, I want to create an account to save and load my data when I come back.
1. As a user, I want to .
1. As a user, I want to .
1. As a user, I want to .

FEATURES
side navigation, highlighting items on scroll
back to top button
user menu nav on top or login button
storing user database and loading it via local storage API
caching new user input and adding it to account when user logs in
create new account form
login into existing account form
log out of your account
rotating cards for the account forms
generate password
booking form
render bookings
render favorites
add / remove favorites in 3 different sections
generate random data: ratings, votes, comments, portraits
generate random picture order in gallery
randomize pictures in gallery on click
map: load, center, load lodgings, toggle zoom on mouseover
toast notifications


1. Website for some National Park (keywords: Czech, Mountains, Ski)
2. User can create a profile. Info about preferable lodgings.
3. Logged User can reserve lodgings.
4. Mobile + desktop versions.
5. Topic: Data in Strings and Arrays.



Bonus features to implement:
dark/light mode
generate object of random reviews, bookings, etc and store it in session storage
pwd generator - allow user to generate a good password
weather widget in the park
image carousel ?